Du Chen, tell me the truth
How did you hear about the new urban development project?
Re-planning of Xicheng District
Grandpa, didn't you tell the news?
This Dongcheng District?
Burial mounds discovered
He's pure shit luck
Qingyao Du Chen is your fiancé
You can't talk like that.
I didn't agree to marry him, huh?
Made you laugh
This kid spoils me
It's alright, Mr. Lin
In fact, I'm just gambling this time
I heard before that there is a group of tombs underground in Dongcheng District
So this time I'm sure
The project will definitely be changed to Xicheng District
How dare you?
Much better than I was back then
But then again
This time you hit the Qin family in the face
You will definitely encounter a lot of trouble in the future
Do you mean to say
There is still Gao behind the Qin family
Qin Yongcheng's godmother is a high-ranking member of Huya
If he intervenes
He is difficult for us to get through
Is Huya high-rise ginger silk embroidery?
The original famous ginger silk embroidery
It's Qin Yongzhuang's godmother
So we need to think long term about this.
Don't worry.
Lin Lao, you put your mind on project development
I'll take care of the rest.
OK
Du Chen, where are we going now?
Go find a man named Hu Yousheng
He should be at the bar
Who is Hu Yousheng?
You ask too much.
I'll send someone to check it out